Date: 29/01/2018
Present: BS, PB, RJ, TR, MS
Location: IMAS Waterfront

## Agenda Items

1. Upcoming events

    1. "Hacks" 2018

        - GovHack
        - UniHack
        - UHack

    2. UTas Orientation Expo (19 Feb 12:00 - 2:30)

    3. TUU Clubs and Societies day (28 Feb 2:00 - 5:30)

2. AGM

    - When?
    - Election plans?
    - Update constitution

3. Website

    - Move to different provider?
    - Blogging
    - CODEX
    - Documenting processes

4. Other business

## Minutes

### 1. Upcoming events

The group discussed fielding a DataTas team in this years "Hacks". The resolution was to send an email out to the membership body closer to the times to gauge interest and participants.

**Action Items:**
- BS to email membership body closer to the time (once dates are announced).

The group discussed participation in UTas Orientation Week (19 Feb 12:00-2:30 @ Sandy Bay). A table has been registered with access to power. This event is important to register new student members into the society. As the AGM will be after this, students will have the opportunity to nominate for executive positions.

**Action Items:**
- PB to modify banners so they stand at full height.
- PB to provide SOOS data graphics for visual display.
- TR and MS to provide data animations for visual display.
- BS to arrange computer / screen for the day for taking memberships etc.
- BS to provide stickers from DT supply.
- All present to advise of their availability to look after the table.
- RJ to check budget for funds to buy lollies etc. to have at the table.
- RJ to ask Indi for extra media material to display.

The group discussed participation in the TUU Clubs and Societies day (28 Feb 2:00-5:30). This event will cater to a different crowd than O-Week, but will have much the same purpose and action items as above.

**Action Items:** As above

### 2. Annual General Meeting

The group discussed the AGM, specifically when and how it will run, and agreed to amend the constitution to change the dates of the AGM to better coincide with the anniversary of DT (as it stands, the first AGM would have been less than 3 months after formation or more than 15 months after).

**Resolutions:**
- Target March for the AGM.
- All executive positions will be up for election.
- Amend the constitution to change the date of the AGM to the anniversary of DT, rather than three months after financial year.

**Action Items:**
- BS to email membership body after the O-Week and TUU days calling for nominations (2 weeks before meeting).
- BS to email membership body advising of the meeting.
- BS to prepare president's report.
- RJ to prepare treasurer's report.

### 3. Website

The group discussed the current state of the website, particularly where it can be improved.

**Resolutions:**
- Move website to another service (Netlify) to allow for HTTPS and multiple domain names (both the .com and .com.au)
- Develop a section of the website to host blog entries / snippets
- Document the processes by which people administer the website (continuity planning).
- Integrate Google Calendar for events.
- Take down the codex, point to other reference material for the time being - just a single page with helpful links to blogs etc.

**Action Items:**
- BS to action all resolutions.

### 4. Other business

The group discussed the following extra items:

- Modifications to banners
- A DataTas networking event
- Different venues for DT events
- Rebranding the "Friday Morning R sessions"
- Changing the times of exec meetings to be more convenient
- IMAS Data-sharing forum

**Action Items:**
- PB will modify the banners so they stand at their full height
- The group will continue to discuss a networking event in future
- MS will reach out to the mathematics department for interest in hosting a DT session.
- TR/RJ will investigate Sandy Bay / Menzies options
- TR will now take care of banners, they will be wheeled out for the Friday Morning R sessions.
- Friday morning sessions will be rebranded as DT events, with other non-R languages represented (i.e. BS and RJ for Python)
- Executive meetings to be moved to immediately after Friday morning sessions (10:30am) when held.
- PB to investigate how DT can be involved in the IMAS Data-sharing forum
